packages/abtest/README.md, before:

# ABTest

This packages includes a component and utility functions that can be used to run A/B Tests in WooCommerce dashboard and reports pages.

## Installation

Install the module

```bash
npm install @woocommerce/abtest --save
```
## Usage


```javascript
import ABTest from '@woocommerce/abtest';

...

const control = <p>Hello World</p>;
const experiment = <p>Hello Dolly</p>;

<ABTest
	name="abtest_name"
	control={ control }
	experiment={ experiment }
/>

...
```

## Props


Name | Type | Default | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
`name` | String | `undefined` | A/B Test name.
`control` | Object | `undefined` | React component to show to control group.
`experiment` | Object | `undefined` | React component to show to experiment group.
`onComplete` | Function | `undefined` | Optional. A callback fired after A/B Test selects group.
`start` | Number | `0` | Optional. Start timestamp for A/B Test. If not supplied, A/B Test begins immediately.
`end` | Number | `Infinity` | Optional. End timestamp for A/B Test. If not supplied, A/B Test will continue indefinitely.

Commit message:

Add random experiment group size to props
This adds a size prop to ABTest which determines the size of the
experiment group. Before this was hard-coded as 50%, but now we've made
this an optional prop that defaults to 50%.

packages/abtest/README.md, after:

# ABTest

This packages includes a component and utility functions that can be used to run A/B Tests in WooCommerce dashboard and reports pages.

## Installation

Install the module

```bash
npm install @woocommerce/abtest --save
```

This package assumes that your code will run in an ES2015+ environment. If you're using an environment that has limited or no support for ES2015+ such as lower versions of IE then using core-js or @babel/polyfill will add support for these methods. Learn more about it in Babel docs.

## Usage

```javascript
import ABTest from '@woocommerce/abtest';

...

const control = <p>Hello World</p>;
const experiment = <p>Hello Dolly</p>;

<ABTest
	name="abtest_name"
	control={ control }
	experiment={ experiment }
/>

...
```

## Props

Name | Type | Default | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
`name` | String | `undefined` | A/B Test name.
`control` | Object | `undefined` | React component to show to control group.
`experiment` | Object | `undefined` | React component to show to experiment group.
`onComplete` | Function | `undefined` | Optional. A callback fired after A/B Test selects group.
`size` | Number | `50` | Optional. Percentage size of experiment group.
`start` | Number | `0` | Optional. Start timestamp for A/B Test. If not supplied, A/B Test begins immediately.
`end` | Number | `Infinity` | Optional. End timestamp for A/B Test. If not supplied, A/B Test will continue indefinitely.
